Went missing and left the following letter and had this diary. 

At the day of his disappearance a fancy carriage was seen entering and exiting the **Trading company** and that it had the initials **PW** engraved into the back. The carriage also was carrying a fancy green wooden chest onto the carriage

The botanist [[Clara]] Believes that [[Harold Jamish]] was the first important person kidnapped from the mistytious disappearances.

## Letter
I am writing this separately, to ensure that it gets to the ones who need to know. The ambush on the ship last night was deliberate. Someone informed the attackers of where we were and what we were transporting. DONT TRUST THE FANATICS. They might say they are doing the right thing, but the way they fought was brutal, they didn't care about the lives of either side, and they even killed crewmates... civilians in the name of their god. During the battle I grabbed one of the dead guys' necklaces and have hidden it in my belongings. I think it might show me who these people truly were. If you are reading this, instead of talking to me, I plan to leave the necklace in my chest while I research it, so go grab it. And.... If the reason you are reading this is because I am missing... GO GOD DAMM SAVE ME!!

## Diary
When the expedition party [[Holy order]] met up with [[Harold Jamish]] and my team, they where carrying a object wrapped in a white piece of cloth. The object where around the size of **Harlod** himself, and even when covered, a comfortable warm aura was emanating from it. It was given over to our team, where our leader, a paladin named [[Zyroth Steelclaw]] took charge of its protection. He gave no notion of what the artifacts powers were. When he prodded further [[Zyroth Steelclaw]] became very defensive and almost hostile. Though through the travels he did hear him whisper to the artifact multiple times a day, sadly I could never really hear what he said. When we got to sea, the artifact was locked into a room and no one could access it. The first few days went without problem, but one night we suddenly came under fire. A group who called themselves **Liberators** boarded the ship. They started talking about saving us from the our blinded faith, and how by following them, they would show us the true god and savoir of **Lycra**. Negotiations broke down, and fighting started. I... Bravely secured the food storage for the fight, ensuring no one came in. We won the battle but the prisoners all died via suicide or something before we could interrogate them. No other attack happened while at sea, and when we got to **Lycra** me and the other merchant guys left ahead of the paladin guards. They stated that they needed to secure a more safe transport now that they were attacked. My guess is that they are calling in the [[Fang Guard]].
