Continued from [[Session 13]]

### Debriefing
After the tough fight with the transformed [[Harold Jamish]], the party went back to debrief the [[TruthBreakers]] about their discoveries, while [[Nyla Thorne]] went into the sewers to try and find out more about the masked vampires and the umbral court. Upon getting back to [[Embers Complex]]. Entering the complex they were met with a worried but calculating [[Flint Varn]], who had stayed up after receiving the information from [[Luffy Longfinger]]'s raven. The party updated him on what had happened with **Harold**, and the masked vampire, as well as the many bodies that they had found. Along with the bodies they found documents describing transformations of people into monsters. The method described using blood of the umbral court instead of using the **Vermilion Dihedron**. it was thereafter shared that by speaking with the dead, they were able to confirm that [[Milton Pennywise]] was indeed working with the monsters.   
### The artifact
**Flint** deduced that the timing of the vampires' operation might be linked to the artifact being brought into the city, suggesting a race against time to secure it. With this revelation he also shared that [[Valarie River]] finally had cracked the cypher on the book, which revealed that the artifact they were chasing was more than a simple artifact but one of the [[Holy weapons of Lycra]] of the [[Divine continent of Lycra]], specifically **The Aegis of the Unbroken Choir**. **Harold** described the item as having a sentient pull, whispering in a deep voice that beckoned him to pick it up and fight the monsters—a trance he barely escaped. These weapons are revered as game-changers in the war for peace and are typically kept sealed in vaults, only brought out during existential crises.
The revelation that the artifact is a **Holy Weapon** changed the tenor of the [[TruthBreakers]]' mission. **Flint** admitted that their original plan was to use the object as simple leverage to force a power shift against the [[Radiant Flame]] and incite a rebellion. However, realizing they are dealing with a weapon of divine power capable of potentially influencing powers on a continental scale, the group was involved with powers way larger than they had hoped. For the [[Truth Breakers]] this was both the biggest change they had for enacting their dream, but in the wrong hands it could bring doom upon the [[Grand Duchy of Hethlon]].
[[Luffy Longfinger]] proposed exposing the vampire corpses to the Church to create chaos or perhaps earn enough trust to get close to the artifact. However, [[Caelum Aequoris]] feared that they were playing directly into the enemy's hands. He argued that the villains might *want* the party to cause a distraction or remove the guards, allowing the vampires to swoop in and claim the **Aegis** unchallenged. This also proposed the ethical dilemma of if they should steal the weapon as it would render the church weakened if a cataclysmic threat showed itself. 

### The heist 
Discussion turned to the heist. Due to the importance of the relic, the inner sanctums of the church seemed heavily guarded, making it neigh impossible to infiltrate as they had previously expected to do. Though it also likely pointed to the church having little information on the monsters roaming their city. Perhaps by exposing the presence of the monsters the church would weaken their security, and the heist would be easier to complete. 
A cunning plan was devised: character assassination. The party decided that, they would attempt to frame **Milton** for aiding the recent mass murders and terrorism within the city, and through that show the presence of the monsters as well as removing the bounty that he currently have placed on them.

3 objectives were decided upon, which was **finding the base of the umbral court**, following the carts from the Pennywise family business, to **Find a direct connection between Milton and the umbral court**, and lastly scouring the influential people of the city to try and **Find connections between other influential people and the umbral court**.

Here the party chose to investigate the sewers to try and find potential clues on the **umbral court**.

To see if more information could be found on the monsters and the **Vermilion diehidron** the party asked if **Larion** the wizard could try and get information from [[The Nexus]].
## Rest and the days
The party took a long rest and the next morning [[Borgemir Plainsrunner]] made breakfast for [[Valarie River]], while [[Luffy Longfinger]] made it for him and [[Caelum Aequoris]]. While **Borgemir** made a nice and well thought together breakfast, **Luffy** made something closer to a charcoal clump. **Borgemir** gave **Valerie** her food, which she seemed very happy about even though she was very tired at the moment. 

After breakfast, the party decided to prepare a memorial for [[Harold Jamish]] at the complex, and talked with [[Flint Varn]] about setting up a small event at the evening. He agreed that it would be a good idea, and that he would talk with the rest of the group about coming together.  

After the memorial preparations, the party met with **Flint** where they were told that the sewer workers were looking for assistance in handling the increase in monsters within the sewers. The group saw this as a good opportunity to enter the sewer network and look for clues about the **umbral court** since they properly were hiding within the sewer network, and they theorised that they might also be behind the increase of monsters.  

They chose to go towards the sewer station located in the north of [[ForrestWay]], and on their way the met the dwarvern couple that they had helped getting back together. They seemed very happy, and the pregnant woman had gotten a new job together with the half-elf living upstairs, at the cake shop within [[CloudRing]]. After some quick catching up, they invited the party to dinner as a thank you.

Before getting to the sewer station, the party went on a quick shopping trip where **Borgemir** ordered a new Warhammer (+1), and **Luffy** bought some enchanted rings.

While walking towards the sewer station, the party chose to investigate the location they had fought **Harold**, since there seemed to not have been any news of the battle or bodies throughout the city. When they arrived they found that every building had been cleaned out, and there where no signs of the fight last evening. Even when checking the sewers the tunnels where collapsed effectively removing all presence of the monsters at the location.

After this discovery, the party chose to go to the sewer station, where they caught part of the safety briefing that was being given to the other adventuring parties at the location. They were told of the dangers of some monsters as well as the natural dangers of some moss that would grow near fire, but shrink near cold.

Equipped with a endothermic torch, and some knowledge of the sewers, the party descended into the network and the session ended. 