We go to [[Luffy Longfinger]] who is walking down the streats  of [[AshenKnots]], he steals a baguet from a stall before going to the tavern [[Copperbreath]] mentioned in a letter from the rebel group [[Truth Breakers]]. He sees the table mentioned from letter where [[Borgemir Plainsrunner]] is sitting. He chooses to wait before going to the table, while **Borgemir** is downing beers. After a short while [[Caelum Aequoris]] enters [[Copperbreath]]. he listens to the music of the tavern, while **Luffy** joins the table, and after they talk a bit he joins as well. They talk a bit before [[Nyla Thorne]] sits at the table and introduces herself. She takes them back to the hideout where they meet the [[Truth Breakers]] and are introduced as the newest "cell". They are given the mission of following up on a merchant called [[Harold Jamish]] who would have some intel on the artifact and who has been missing for a couple of days. They talk with the members of the rebel group a bit, asking about some of the reasons they joined the group and buy some materials and potions from [[Valarie River]], where **Borgemir** tries to flirt to get lover prices, but she is unimpressed.

They then start going down to [[Harold Jamish]] house and the **Jamish Trading company**, where **Luffy** finds a shortcut to the river area. During their travels, they meet a mother and 2 children beggers, who the give some money, and **luffy** sneaks some food. Here **Caelum** gives some extra food and money, and ensures they have enough to survive.

Arriving at the downtown river area, they ask around for the **Jamish Trading company**, both from some beggars and a trader. And after a few minutes of travel they find the house. From the outside it looks normal but the door is slightly ajar. 

Going inside, they notice that the house is ransacked and ruined. **Luffy** spots some thieves in the living room, while **Borgemir** breaks a table and finds some treassure making a loud noise. **Luffy** informs **Caelum** and **Borgemir** who set an ambush, but after a couple of minutes where nothing happens they enter themselves and combat starts. The fight was over almost as soon as it started since one gets knocked out after missing every attack, and the other breaks their crossbow by mistake and surrenders. The group questions them and lets them go. Looking through the other rooms they find a encrypted paper and a diary detailing the escort and travels of **Harold**. They notice that the encrypted part are in a merchants cipher and think that someone in the [[Truth Breakers]] would be able to decode it. Furthermore they fight a few sick rats and find a [Charlatans die](https://dnd5e.wikidot.com/wondrous-items:charlatans-die) and a  [candle of the deep](https://dnd5e.wikidot.com/wondrous-items:candle-of-the-deep). One of the last rooms they check, they notice that something heavy has been removed out of a back door, and blood on the floor indicate that a fight happened in the room. They investigate the tracks and notice that a cart was used to transport the thing away, and it transported it towards the walls and entrance to the inner city.
After a thorough investigation, the group choose to go back to the hideout, but on the way a giant azure dragon flies over the city. Followed by 4 smaller dragons they head towards the [[GoldenGlint Church]] where the smaller dragons land while the Guardian circles the city. The group together with [[Nyla Thorne]] and [[Flint Varn]] go to the church, where after a short while the guardian lands. The Guardian is carrying something on its back, but before anyone can get a good look the dragon transforms into a middle-aged man, human-like but with scales on his head and body. A azure woven elegant robe looking to be made out of scales, shimmering in the light. And with a pair of majestic horns prodding out of his forehead. He gives a short look around the square before heading into the cathedral. 