Continued from [[Session 11 recap]]

## Travel back
Using the morning to prepare for their travel back to [[EverBrook]] the party found that they had little time to spare before the caravan meeting they had found out from at [[Milton Pennywise]]'s casino. Going to the stables, they rented a carriage once more, and [[Luffy Longfinger]] sent a raven from his newly attained item from [[The Mirage]], to inform **Ritz and Fitz** of their return. 

During their travel back the weather took a turn for the worse, and the once clear skies turned to dark gloomy clouds, which soon after became a punishing deluge that transformed the travel back into a rough time. After a couple of hours in the rough weather the road suddenly gave way under them, and with [[Caelum Aequoris]] unable to stop the carriage, it slid off-road and into a field of potatoes. getting out and trying to figure a way to get the carriage unstuck, [[Borgemir Plainsrunner]] spotted a small house with a light out in the fields a little way away. Leaving [[Luffy Longfinger]] to guard the carriage with [[Symph]], **Caelum** and **Borgemir** went to the cabin.
The cabin was run down, with the only signs of life being the small lantern lit on the porch. The party took the lantern and went inside to try and find something to help them. Deciding to use a somewhat good looking table as a ramp for the wheels they went to pick up the table and carry it back, but suddenly the lantern and table transformed, attacking **Caelum** and **Borgemir**. 
What looked to be mere objects turned out to be mimics, and they quickly grabbed and started eating **Caelum**, who did not react in time to dodge them. 

## Magic and explosions
Meanwhile, back at the carriage, **Luffy** and [[Symph]] decided to eat a exotic fruit that Luffy had bought a while back. After eating it they quickly started seeing mystical things, and what had looked to be a somewhat innocent fruit, ended up being extremely strong hallucinogens. They started seeing the clouds as pirate ships and dragons. Luffy saw [[Symph]] as the mighty guardian dragon [[Sevron]] and Symph himself saw the potatoes and rain as flying fish.

At the cabin, the fight was sudden and scary, Borgemir summoning his horse he this time called Freya, managed to just save Caelum from the mimics clutches, before they managed to run out of the house with all limbs intact. Angry, wet and nearly dead the 2 decided that the mimics had to die, and pulled out some of the dynamite they had bought from **Ritz and Fitz**. They went to one of the broken windows, and threw a big stack of lit dynamite inside. The broken cottage with little strength to stand on its own, collapsed from the explosion. They looked through the ruins of the house and ensured that the mimics where dead, whereafter they found some wood to help the carriage.

Back at the carriage, **Luffy** suddenly saw a giant explosion through the thick rain, which turned into a mighty dragon. And after a short while from the direction of the explosion he saw a half-orc and a kobold approach the carriage. Going into combat mode, he contacted the other 2, warned them and hid under the carriage ready to attack.  When they got close he jumped then, but ended up sliding through the mud, missing both. He quickly ran with [[Symph]] into the carriage and hid, but [[Caelum Aequoris]], who **Luffy** had just tried to jump, together with **Borgemir** saw Symph hide, and used his instrument of illusions to make a mosaic of colours in the carriage, which made the both of them pass out.

[[Session 12 -Luffy only recap]]

After they finally had got the carriage out, they travelled onwards. After a long and hard track, late in the night, they got to the bridge, which had broken under the storm, but some builders from [[EverBrook]] had been called and they where fixing it. The party helped them finish up, and afterwards decided on a rest. Around noon the next day the party woke up, and travelled back to the city, where they gave the leather to Ritz and Fitz, and got a small reward. 