Continued from [[Session 1]] 

The party stands at the [[GoldenGlint Church]] where a large crowd had gathered to see the guardian dragon [[Sevron]] with their own eyes. The town guard are stationed around the church plaza, ensuring that no one is getting too close to the entrance and the four dragon riders who accompanied [[Sevron]]. Looking at the riders [[Luffy Longfinger]] notices that the dragon riders are part of the [[Fang Guard]], an elite group of paladins in direct control of the [[Radiant Flame]]. [[Nyla Thorne]] and [[Flint Varn]] who were with the party, pulls a bit out of ear shot and starts whispering to each other. The party decides to listen in on the conversation, hearing chunks of the conversation. They talk about changing their plans now that they arrived earlier than expected, since [[Sevron]] tends to travel in human form. They hear **Nyla** mention something about contacts that she will meet with, before leaving **Flint** and heading away from the church. **Flint** returns to the party, and says that they are to return to **[[Embers Complex]]** when they are done here to get briefed on their next mission. The party checks the area a bit, where they notice [[Brother Kelvic]] standing in an ally looking at the church. Before they can approach him, he leaves the area. Before heading back to the hideout, they decide that they want to try and enter [[GoldenGlint Church]] to try and get some more information on the artifact and the church's plans.
The party decides to go along the side of the church, to see if they can find a way in. [[Luffy Longfinger]] tries to remember if he knew of any secret entrances into the church, from his time working within the church but only remembers the servant entrances located on the sides of the church. Going along the church, a constant stream of people are going past them towards the church entrance. Most of these people where well-off men and women from [[StarCrest District]] and their guards. By the side of the church town guards where stationed all along the walls, ensuring that none of the people could get close.

After walking for a bit, they find the servant entrance, which is guarded by 6 guards. They scope out the area, where they notice that the constant stream of people gives them a good amount of cover. [[Caelum Aequoris]] and [[Borgemir Plainsrunner]] tries to figure out a way to distract the guards, while [[Luffy Longfinger]] would try and sneak into the church. **Caelum** finds a small box in which he stands on and starts playing a classic song from the country of [[Grand Duchy of Hethlon]]. Meanwhile **Borgemir** helps gathering a crowd, concluding in a bit crowd gathering in front of the servant entrance. **Luffy** notices an extra large group of people who he can hide withing who were slowly approaching the servant entrance. He uses the group to get as close as possible to the entrance and wait for the distraction to draw the guards away. At this point **Caelum's** amazing performance has gathered a good crowd, and **Borgemir** chooses that the best distraction now would be to yeet the nearest short guy into the guards. He notices a small rich gnome in a small suit, top hat, with a monocle and handlebar moustache, who is completely enthralled in the performance. Without any struggle, **Borgemir** picks the gnome up by his ankles and easily throws him perfectly between the other listeners leaving only his top hat behind. The gnome hits a guard in the face and knocks both out. Instantly the rest of the guards ready their weapons, and **Caelum** decides to cast heat metal on one of the guards chest plate. In the sudden chaos that erupted, extra guards are called over while **Caelum** and **Borgemir** tries to get the guards to chase after them making room for **Luffy** to enter the church. Sadly the guards wont move from their assigned position and waits for reinforcements. The party decides that this wont end well for them and bolts, before the guards can arrest them. But before running **Borgemir** quickly picks up the top hat left by the gnome. The guards start arresting some of the more aggressive onlookers who started confronting them in the chaos and does not chase after the party.

After getting away from the ensued chaos that they started at the servant entrance, the party chose to slowly head back to **Embers Complex**. On their way back, [[Borgemir Plainsrunner]] wanted to find a tailor to see what the price of his new fancy top hat was worth. Entering [[CloudRing]], they quickly found a fancy tailor where a well-dressed dwarf met him. He was told that the hat was woven from [[mouintain moth]] silk which was a relatively rare silk, making the hat worth a lot. [[Borgemir]] tried to sell it but wouldn't take the price offered, [[Luffy Longfinger]] asked if they should "fake" that he was a rich man and was looking to buy the hat in front of the tailor, so he would buy it for more money. But this idea was quickly shot down by **Borgemir**. Meanwhile [[Caelum Aequoris]] went to find a blacksmith to get the broken crossbow he got from the thieves at **Harold**'s house fixed. He was told that it would be fixed within a day. Before leaving **CloudRing**, **Luffy** went and bought some alchemical fire and potions. 

Arriving at the base the party meets up with the rest of [[Truth Breakers]] minus **Nyla**, in the room 2 othersgroups are present as well. These are introduced by **Flint** as new cells like you. They are **Cell 5**, a group made up of 4 people, **Gladius** A half elf man in his 30'ies, **Frillsa** A gnome woman in her 40'ies, **Page** A dragonborn man in his 20'ies, **Decon** a dwarf man in his 80'ies. And **Cell 14** who are made up of 3 people, **Sevila** a elf woman, **Ground** A dwarf in his 40'ies and **Freddy** A human in his 20'ies.
The cells are briefed that some unexpected problems have occurred, due to [[Sevron]] arriving earlier than what their intel had told them. This would mean that even though you guys where new cells and normally would be given less important missions, they are forced to give you missions of higher importance to prepare in time. 
There were three missions to choose from:
- Mission Start gearing up
- Mission Saving Harold
- Mission Church infiltration
Where, after some mingling with the other cells, the party chose "Mission Saving Harold". 
After giving [[Valarie River]] the encrypted letter and diary, they found at [[Harold Jamish]]'s house they take a rest for the night. The next morning **Valarie** has decrypted the letter and part of the diary.
* The letter:
	* I am writing this separately, to ensure that it gets to the ones who need to know. The ambush on the ship last night was deliberate. Someone informed the attackers of where we were and what we were transporting. DONT TRUST THE FANATICS. They might say they are doing the right thing, but the way they fought was brutal, they didn't care about the lives of either side, and they even killed crewmates... civilians in the name of their god.
	  During the battle I grabbed one of the dead guys' necklaces and have hidden it in my belongings. I think it might show me who these people truly were. If you are reading this, instead of talking to me, I plan to leave the necklace in my chest while I research it, so go grab it. And.... If the reason you are reading this is because I am missing... GO GOD DAMM SAVE ME!! 
* The diary:
	* When the expedition party [[Holy order]] met up with [[Harold Jamish]] and my team, they where carrying a object wrapped in a white piece of cloth. The object where around the size of **Harlod** himself, and even when covered, a comfortable warm aura was emanating from it. It was given over to our team, where our leader, a paladin named [[Zyroth Steelclaw]] took charge of its protection. He gave no notion of what the artifacts powers were.
	  When he prodded further [[Zyroth Steelclaw]] became very defensive and almost hostile. Though through the travels he did hear him whisper to the artifact multiple times a day, sadly I could never really hear what he said. 
	  When we got to sea, the artifact was locked into a room and no one could access it. The first few days went without problem, but one night we suddenly came under fire. A group who called themselves **Liberators** boarded the ship. They started talking about saving us from the our blinded faith, and how by following them, they would show us the true god and savoir of **Lycra**. 
	  Negotiations broke down, and fighting started. I... Bravely secured the food storage for the fight, ensuring no one came in.
	  We won the battle but the prisoners all died via suicide or something before we could interrogate them. No other attack happened while at sea, and when we got to **Lycra** me and the other merchant guys left ahead of the paladin guards. They stated that they needed to secure a more safe transport now that they were attacked. My guess is that they are calling in the [[Fangs-guard]].

After going through the new intel, they are told by **Flint** that they found some intel that the wagon which kidnapped **Harold** likely was going towards [[Forrestway]]. But before they was to head out they should be tested, to ensure that they could handle themselves. They are taken to the basement of **Embers Complex** where they hear the sounds of fighting, and soon after see a fighting ring where **cell 5** are fighting a **Quickling** and a **Yuan-Ti BroodGuard**. Its a tough fight but they come out on top. Soon after **cell 14** enter the ring a fight a **Negoi**, this fight goes a bit smoother, but **Freddy** the human gets charmed which makes the fight closer than it could have been.
Lastly the party enters the ring, where a **Owlbear** charges them. **Borgemir** quickly enters close combat with it, taking focus. While **Luffy** and **Caelum** fights from range, hiding behind the pillars of the arena. After a tough fight where **Borgemir** nearly gets downed, holding consciousness due to **Caelum** healing him from range. **Luffy** and **Borgemir** damages the Owlbear enough to give **Borgemir** the change to crush its skull with a divine smite from his mace, lighting up the entire room as he does so.
With the **Owlbear** defeated, the party has shown themselves capable and leave the arena, which is where the session ends.