Continued from [[Session 15]].

## Slime fight
The session started out within the sewer segment of the north sewer station, where the party had been exploring to find signs of the **umbral court** and earn some gold by clearing out monsters. The party was about to enter a fight with a black and yellow slime, when [[Luffy Longfinger]] and [[Borgemir Plainsrunner]] made a dare to have one of them go underneath the yellow slime, which **Borgemir** lost. By going underneath the smile it quickly attack its prey which had stupidly gone underneath it for an easy attack. it tried to envelop him but **Borgemir** was quick enough to block it with his shield. A long fight ensued, where they quickly learned of the horror that was a black pudding. By attacking it and being attacked, it would melt anything coming into contact with it, which damaged both **Borgemir**'s shield, war-hammer, and [[Caelum Aequoris]]'s hand crossbow. Though out this fight **Caelum** also wished for help in their dire situation, and a ghostly figure of a woman came to be, the appearance of this woman appeared to evoke some complex feelings within **Caelum**. The fight was fierce, nearly killing **Caelum** and almost downing **Borgemir**. Whereafter the party took a well deserved rest. 

## Exploration and hidden rooms
After a short rest, the party begun exploring the rooms and tunnels again. [[Borgemir Plainsrunner]] and [[Luffy Longfinger]] looked through a piping storage room, where **Borgemir** found a pipe to use as a impromptu weapon. The pair also noticed that markings on the ground showed that some of the piping had been moved to cover a wall. They decided to remove the piping to get a better look at the wall. Meanwhile, [[Caelum Aequoris]] went down one of the tunnels and found what looked to be a old service elevator. Checking the room, he found that the crank on the platform was broken, while the crank located in the room looked to be in working order. With this information, he went back to the other two who was still moving pipes. After a while they had removed the pipes and found the wall to be newer than the other walls found inside the room, and with a quick throw of a big bronze pipe the wall broke down. And within they found what looked to be a dark alter room somewhat similar to the room they found the dihedron within.    

The party investigated the room and found multiple cages tied to spiral cut pillars, where dried blood could be found leading to a pedestal in the middle of the room. Through their investigations, they found a desecrated symbol of the [[Radiant Flame]], which had been burned. They also tried to find the purpose of the room, where they chose to murder [[Borgemir Plainsrunner]]'s summoned boar as a sacrifice, to try and activate whatever magic was reminiscent within the room. Having no luck other than feeling that they are missing some sort of catalyst to act a conduit for the present magic, [[Caelum Aequoris]] decied to try a **Scroll of anything** to see if it would trigger anything, and was suddenly teleported to the streets of [[EverBrook]]. The other two seeing **Caelum** suddenly disappear thought he was dead for quite a bit, and slightly panicked. They decided to go to service elevator and fix it so they could head back to the service centre. Meanwhile Caelum tried to find his own way back to the service centre.

### Meeting up and getting paid
The party ended up meeting again at the sewer entrance where [[Luffy Longfinger]] and [[Borgemir Plainsrunner]] had fixed the service elevator and [[Caelum Aequoris]] had found his own way back. The party got paid and shared some of their findings, such as the piping network and tanks within the room, but chose to not mention the sacrifice room. They got some extra information on the monsters they had slain, and slowly head back to attend the memorial for [[Harold Jamish]]. Which is where the session ended.

