Continued from [[Session 8]]

### A well earned rest
After the party successfully returned to [[Embers Complex]] from [[The Mirage]] infiltration, a good nights rest was needed. While resting for the night, the party decided to share some of their stories with each other. [[Luffy Longfinger]] shared about his past in the church, with him being used and betrayed by his best friend **Carlos**. [[Caelum Aequoris]] told of his home island, of his weak heart, and of the tragedy that shaped him to become a **WorldBringer**. Lastly [[Borgemir Plainsrunner]] told of the death of his mother, and the disappearance of his father. And how his connection to the [[Radiant Flame]] was weakened by what looked to be a curse. With stories shared the party looked over their newly gained goods, and discovered some of their magical properties, before taking a well earned rest.

### Recollection and consequences  
The next morning the party noticed that they were no longer alone. In the room next to theirs, another group had returned. After a quick introduction, they saw that it were the group known as **Cell 14**. They had just gotten back from the materials mission, where they had fought Basilisks and Displacer beasts to create cloaks for infiltrating the [[GoldenGlint Church]]. Both parties shared of their missions, and the group learned that **Cell 14** had not had a clean mission like themselves. In getting the displacer leather, they had inadvertently set fire to a part of the forest, and damaged the leather, meaning that the cloaks would not be perfect, but still usable. 
With the group sharing their mission, they convinced the elven woman called **Sevila** to investigate if any large changes had occurred overnight. While she was out investigating the dwarf **Ground** and human **Freddy** looked at the note from [[Milton Pennywise]]'s office and confirmed it was partly written while he was scared in some way.
After half an hour **Sevlia** returned. The reconnaissance proved fruitful but grim. Sylvia returned with wanted posters featuring startlingly accurate portraits of each party member, offering 150 gold each, "Dead or Alive," for charges including arson, murder, and breaking and entering. They also learned of other city-wide issues: ongoing disappearances, a break-in at the Architect's Archives, and dangerous pests overrunning the sewers.

### Wanted men in hiding
With the wanted posters confirmed, the party’s priority became acquiring disguises. A search of their hideout yielded some useful tools for this, such as a disguise kit, and magic scrolls that could help them blend in. 
With their new identities secured, they ventured out to follow a lead with [[Blast]] who had contacted them while waiting on **Sevlia**. Though initially terrified to be dealing with wanted fugitives, [[Blast]] was swayed by Caelum. The party risked telling him the full story of the life-draining stone. After hearing the details, Blast delivered a shocking conclusion: the artifact was properly *not* the legendary Philosopher's Stone, as its "life for a life" cost sounded fundamentally different from what his research indicated, how a Philosopher's Stone worked. Before leaving, the party purchased Blast’s entire stock of the chaotic "Scrolls of Anything".

Returning to their hideout, they briefed [[Brother Kelvic]], on their findings. Kelvic showed a fascination with the scar left by **Luffy**'s resurrection. With five days to wait before the "sensitive cargo" mentioned in Milton's note was scheduled to ship, Kelvic offered them a mission to hunt displacer beasts for high-quality hides, since the ones gathered were sup-par.
Accepting the mission, the party travelled to "[[Ritz and Fitz's Fabulous Recreations]]," a chaotic workshop run by a goblin and a gnome. There, they purchased explosive decoy ducks and dynamite before **Caelum** accidentally summoned a giant, magical banner of his own undisguised face. Once they stated their purpose, the proprietors revealed they were allies and briefed them on the hunt, warning that displacer beasts were cunning ambush predators.
Equipped with new tools and knowledge, the party rented a carriage. With **Borgemir** summoning a celestial pony to ride alongside and **Caelum** clumsily taking the reins, the disguised adventurers left the city of [[Everbrook]] behind, heading north toward the city of **[[Sutton]]**.