Continued from [[Session 2]]
### Bounties
After the fight with the owlbear the team vent out of the arena and started preparing for finding [[Harold Jamish]], but before they could leave [[Valarie River]] stormed down to them being extremely angry. She told them that the actions of [[Borgemir Plainsrunner]] and [[Caelum Aequoris]] having thrown the wealthy gnome had given them a bounty, since he was no other than [[Milton Pennywise]], one of the richest people in all of [[Forrestway]]. But luckily since [[Luffy Longfinger]] had not been seen together with them, it was only **Borgemir** and **Caelum** who had gotten bounties. This meant that **Luffy** was going to do some alone training for a bit, until they knew more about the bounties. **Luffy** was then brought away with **Valerie** and the other two were introduced to the druid [[Lorian]] who was to help them with finding **Harold**. He had been researching other disappearances happening in [[Forrestway]] over the last couple of weeks, and might therefore be of help. 

### To Harold's house
After an introduction, the new party chooses to go back to [[Harold Jamish]] and his trading company, to see if they can find any other clues they missed the first time. Since [[Borgemir Plainsrunner]] and [[Caelum Aequoris]] had been there before a couple of days ago, they quickly found their way down there without any issue. When they arrived, they looked around the area for anyone who might have seen something happen. Since they knew that whoever had kidnapped [[Harold Jamish]] likely had done so from the backyard they looked for houses with a view into the backyard area.

They found 2 small but tall houses located on the other side of the road of the [[Jamish Trading Company]], there was what looked like a sort of run down magic shop and a residential house. While debating where to go, a woman and a girl left the residential house. After they had talked a bit, they chose to enter [[Blast's Magic Emporium]] where they met **Blast** who wanted to sell different magic items to them. He especially wanted to sell them his signature item, the **Scroll of Anything!**. After some browsing and shopping, he told them that he had seen a fancy carriage enter and exit the **Trading company** and that it had the initials **PW** engraved into the back. [[Lorian]] shared that this was likely a carriage from the [[Pennywise family]] who made a a lot of products including carriages.

### Lovers quarrel
After leaving [[Blast's Magic Emporium]] the party was still unsatisfied with the information they had, and choose to enter the residence next to them, to see if anyone had more information. They enter the hallway of the apartment complex, where they immediately hear two people argue on the floor above them. Curious, they walk up to the next floor and try to listen in to the fight. They see a woman dwarf standing in the hallway, crying and yelling into a open door, where a male voice can be heard yelling back. From what they gather of the yelling and crying, the woman is trying to apologise for cheating on the man with her boss from the baker that she was working at. The man yells back about how this was the third time that she had cheated on him, and that he could not belie that she would have done it now, when she finally had gotten pregnant with their child. 
After a short while, the man shuts the door and the woman storms past the party and down the stairs. [[Lorian]] despite his age, runs after the woman, while [[Borgemir Plainsrunner]] and [[Caelum Aequoris]] tries to talk with the man. **Lorain** somehow catches up with the woman, and tries to talk her into coming back so they can fix their relationship. But the woman simply tires to state that they are fine, but he just needs some time to cool down then they can talk again, and that there is nothing that he needs to do. After some back and forth, **Lorian** heads back to the party after the woman stated that she would be back in half an hour ish.

Meanwhile the other two had been trying to talk with the man through the door, but was initially ignored. The man smashed something in the room, before taking the time to talk a bit with the two through the door. Sad and angry he would not listen to what they had to say, but after **Caelum** shared about his loss through the times, the man opened up and they saw a middle-aged dwarf who clearly had been crying for a long time. After talking a bit more they learn that he was a blacksmith and that he did not know what to do since it felt like no matter what he did she would leave him for her boss. **Lorian** joins back up and the party is invited into the home, where they see a broken bedside table. They try to fix it by mending the damages, but are not very successful. Thereafter they convince the man that he should not give up! and that he can win her back with a big gesture. They set up a picnic in their living room with some of the stuff they had in their backpacks. While setting up the picnic, they ask about [[Harold Jamish]] and find out that the carriage also was carrying a fancy green wooden chest onto the carriage. They wish him good luck, and leave the apartment. But still wishing to know the results of the grand gesture, they choose to go up a floor and knock on a random resident's door, faking that they were residents in the beginning, but quickly deciding to simply tell the truth. They meet a kind half-elf who had moved to the town a little over a month ago with his wife and daughter. They talk with him, learning that he was a caterer who had lived most of his life in a small town, before wanting to further his craft and give his daughter a better life, and thereby moving to [[Forrestway]]. He had not talked a lot with the other residents, since he had almost just moved here, and did thereby not know the dwarven couple. They stay and talk with the half-elf until they hear the woman come back, which took over an hour. After she entered the apartment, there was quiet for some time, but suddenly you could hear arguing start again, and the woman quickly stormed out again. The party quickly run down and talk with the man, he is both sad and angry, but they manage to convince him to chase after her. He runs after her, while the party follows, staying back enough to ensure that they wouldn't interrupt the two. The man catches up, and the two talk for a bit. The party hides in a alley so they aren't spotted and they see the couple kiss, hug and walk back to the residence. 

### Midnight disappearances
After potentially saving a marriage, and getting some hopefully valuable information, the party decides to go towards [[Forrestway]]. When they get to the gates between [[AshenKnots]] and [[CloudRing]], they discover the bounties of [[Caelum Aequoris]] and [[Borgemir Plainsrunner]] on a board. The posters are somewhat crude, and it is therefore not very easy to discern that it is them. But if looked at closely they might get noticed. **Borgemir** and **Caelum** seeing this choose to disguise themselves. **Borgemir** chose to shave his beard and borrow a outfit from **Caelum** while still keeping his hat on, while **Caelum** changes into a more ceremonial dress, somewhat resembling the [[Radiant Flame]] priest robe, and used the disguise kit to make him a bit harder to recognise. The party then entered the city without any problems.

The party started by getting **Caelum's** crossbow from the blacksmith, before going to [[Forrestway]]. When at [[Forrestway]], they met up with [[Lorian]]'s contact, being a female human botanist, called Clara. She tells them about the disappearances which has happened over the last couple of weeks, and that it has mainly been homeless people and people who did not have any relations with anyone, which was why there had not been any big commotion about this yet. It sounded like if the kidnapping of [[Harold Jamish]] and this was connected, then **Harold** was the first kidnapped who had any importance to the city. They are told that the disappearances mainly happened at night, and would therefore stay and rest at Clara's home until midnight. 

At midnight the party goes to the street to find anything on the disappearances. The streets are foggy making it harder to see far. The party decides to look for any alleys where there might be homeless, as well as a high place they can scout the area on. At the guidance of **Caelum**, they find a church with a view of multiple alleys, and **Lorian** and **Borgemir** hides as homeless in the alley, while **Caelum** enters the church as a lookout. 

After a good amount of time, where both **Borgemir** and **Lorian** fails horribly at following **Caelums** guidance to check areas where he sees suspicious behaviour, as well as unlucky uses of scrolls of anything and wild shape, they notice a crawling being in one of the alleys the had not checked. They quickly follow the being, and notice claw marks in the building it had been crawling on. Following these they follow in until it goes onto the ground, where they find and follow a similar track, most likely from the same monster, taking them to an askew sewer grate.
Going into the sewer they where met with complete darkness, and **Caelum** lights up the area with dancing lights. Going through the sewer tunnels, **Lorian** hits his head on a low hanging metal pipe and falls into the waste water, while **Caelum** ducks without any problems, and **Borgemir** simply is short enough to walk under. Shortly after they are greeted by a larger room, where they are ambushed by a white skinny human looking monster (wight) and decomposing humans looking like homeless people. The fight is a close one, where most of the party is nearly killed in one way or the other. But by pulling back into the sewer tunnel and using the low hanging pipe to their advantage, they manage to beat the monsters.

Which is where the session ends.  