Continued from [[Session 6]].

## Preparations 

With the event perperrations underway, the party started to follow the instructions they were given by **Arianna**. [[Borgemir Plainsrunner]] and [[Luffy Longfinger]] started to transport wine down to the cellar, while [[Caelum Aequoris]] waited at the bar for the rest of the band. In the cellar the two entered a beautiful room, with wine racks along the left and right wall. The floor were made of white marble, while the walls were made of integrity carved dark stone. At the end of the room where a door into a larger square room. Placing the bottles of wine and looking into the other room, they saw another beautiful room, with a set of paintings, another door leading further inside, a set of guards at a table holding guard, and a giant serpent skeleton hanging in the roof. To try and get a better look in the room and maybe create an opening, **Borgemir** dropped a bottle of wine so they would need to clean up in the cellar. Doing this made one of the guards leave and help him clean up on the condition that he bought him 2 bottles of wine from the bar, but due to not creating an opening **Luffy** simply continued his duties. During the clean up **Borgemir** noticed that the guard left at the table went into the other door where he heard it unlock seemingly without being touched.  

In the meantime at the bar, **Caelum** chose to buy a whirlwind ale, for the group's plan to make **Luffy** either enter or leave through the roof of [[Milton Pennywise]]'s office when he would sneak into it, during the preparation time. Before the band arrived **Caelum** met up with **Luffy** and traded the ale. Whereafter he would meet with [[Gaelana]] and trained for the event, where he even introduced one of his own songs, which the rest of the band liked and chose to include in the sheet for the event. 

## The party

At the end of the preparation for the event, the party, as well as the other staff met up and where given tables to serve and times they should play, which followed the pamphlet they where given at the servant trails. Quickly the VIP room were filled all manners of important guests, and people started serving the guests. While serving the guests **Luffy** took a look though the room and saw three guards spread though the room to ensure everyone was within sight. He also noticed that **Milton** was nowhere to be seen yet. Suddenly, a woman from the table he was serving, consisting of a human man and woman with blonde hair, drew him in, smiled at him and wanted to know if he recommended anything. special... He tried going through the menu, but the girl wanted something more "intense" and pressed into his scar on his chest. Terrified he scurried away and swapped tables with **Borgemir** while she never really stopped looking at him and smiling.

A short while after the event shifted to the announcement part of the party, where **Milton** entered with a golden haired elf. He shared that he would be expanding his conglomerate to the neighboring countries, and was about to start the party, before saying that as a special form of "entertainment" he would remove some "rats" from the event. Where suddenly **Borgemir** and **Caelum** where locked in place by one of the guards casting a spell. **Milton** stated that it was funny how they have tried to sneak into his "home" what idiocy it was. The crowed became shocked, while the other two guards carried them down to the cellar where they where locked up in the room after the guard room.

**Luffy** used the opening given by the others getting taken away, to sneak into **Milton**'s office, where he found a very neat and pretty office. At the back wall a table with a fancy dark blue leather chair and a silver raven placed on it, with to beautiful wooden chairs in the middle pointed towards the table. At one wall a silver mirror at the height of a gnome, decorated with small colourful gems. On the other wall a normal bookshelf with a hanging ladder, as well as a window. 
Looking through the room, at the table drawer he unlocked and found a bronze key and a silver cylinder.
While searching for any clues pointing toward where [[Harold Jamish]] might be, he looked through the bookcase and unknowingly triggered a poison gas trap, which quickly filled the room with gas. Panicking he quickly glanced through the room but without any luck, before he drank the ale and jumped out of the window, and used the light weight gained from the ale to climb onto the roof.

Meanwhile the other two tried to find a way out of the vaults.**Caelum** decided to cast suggest on one of the now very drunk guards (they had been drinking all the alcohol that **Borgemir** had given them during the preparation time), that they should free them from the chains, since they where locked behind the door anyway. This worked and they were freed, and started looking around the vault. Looking through the vault they found multiple safes, and traps, some which triggered, like the fire breath trap in the hallways and the poison darts in the safe areas. 
Using the telepathy network setup by **Luffy** the party discussed and came to the conclusion that the white cylinder was the key, the guards used to open the door, since **Caelum** and **Borgemir** and seen one of the guards carry it around their necks.

## Symph the magical cat 
While trying to crack one of the safes the two where interrupted by a light blue and pink cat with wings, that could talk. He loved that there were new people in the vaults, since he had been very bored for a while now. The two quickly found out that he loved music and that he would like to join them if they could free him from the vault. But to do that they had to defeat the guardian of the vaults.

While this was happening, **Luffy** climbed down from the roof without being noticed, and went to the vaults. Since he had a white cylinder the guards did not think much of him being there, and as they thought the door opened for him. 

Meeting up the cat introduced himself as [[Symph]] but that they could just call him Symph. He told them where some of the interesting magical treasures were, and the party quickly learned that to him, the only "interesting" treasures here where musically related ones. The party went through a good chunk of the safes, and found some magical treasures, such as a [ instrument of illusions](https://5e.tools/items/instrument-of-illusions-xge.html), a unidentified coin and bottle, as well as a unidentified jack-in-the-box, with some symbols of a beast, a horrendous monster, a dragon a pixie a golem and an elemental. 

With the party as ready as they could be, they ventured out of the vault, where the giant serpent skeleton started moving.

Which is where the session ends.
